Doc: Prepare for 14.0 release (#12490)
OpenTTD/OpenTTD: changelog.txt

14.0 (2024-04-13)
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Update: New title game for 14.0

> Fix #12477: Use std::filesystem::rename instead of Windows Shell API call (#12478)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix #12477: Crash when launching OpenTTD from within a Dropbox folder (#12478)
```

The current text is a technical description of the change. Not what it changed or why :)

Fix #12233: Mini order list overlaps vehicle group name (#12423)
Fix #12114: Viewport coords of crashed aircraft not updated when falling (#12424)
Fix #12395: Ensure president name widget is tall enough (#12419)

> Fix #12415: Aircraft::tile is valid only for front vehicle (#12416)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix #12415: Incorrect payment for aircraft secondary cargo (#12416)
```

Fix #12387: [NewGRF] Wrong tile offset passed to rail station CB 149 (slope check)

> Fix #12388: Vehicle::CopyVehicleConfigAndStatistics not releasing unit number (#12389)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix #12388: Autoreplacing train heads slowly made the unit number grow (#12389)
```

Or something. Not sure. For sure not what is in there now :) Otherwise we can just leave it out, honestly.

> Fix #12268: Capitalize "Wait to unbunch" order string (#12375)

Reviewer: I would remove this. It is more a codefix, tbh.

Fix #12368: Incorrect offset for click position within industry chain window (#12370)

> Fix: Signature validation did not close its file (#12479)

Reviewer: Codefix, remove.

> Fix: Aircraft crash counter was too low to reach ground (#12425)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix: Aircraft can float above the ground when crashed (#12425)
```

Fix: Segfault when using -q without providing a . character (#12418)
Fix: Wrong scrolling dropdown list position with RTL (#12412)
Fix: [Win32] Force font mapper to only use TrueType fonts (#12406)

> Fix: Server shutdown and newgame packets should be stable (#12379)

Reviewer: Remove, if you ask me. It is a new agreement we have on protocol level, no user minds, I would say.

Fix: "-q" displays NewGRF IDs in the wrong byte-order (#12397)

> Fix: [Script] ScriptSubsidy::GetExpireDate should return an economy-date (#12372)

Reviewer: Move a few places down, so it is at the bottom of the list.

Fix: Do not send chat to clients that have not authorized yet (#12377)

> Fix: Label for fruit incorrectly changed to `FRUI` from `FRUT` (#12367)

Reviewer: Tempted to add the `[NewGRF]` tag here?

> Fix: Don't let CT_INVALID map to valid cargo type (#12364)

Reviewer: Missing `[NewGRF]` tag here too? At least, no other user would care about this, I think?

Revert #11603: [Script] ScriptTimeMode was not the best solution for economy/calendar support (#12362)

> Remove: official support for MSVC 2019 (#12254)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Remove: Official support for MSVC 2019 (#12254)
```

> Remove: Official support for MSVC 2019 (#12254)

Reviewer: Do we care about this one enough for it to be in the changelog?
